What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business!
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar. It was tense!
How did the picture end up in jail? It was framed!
My ex-wife still misses me. But her aim is starting to improve!
Why was the baby ant confused? Because all his uncles were ants!
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy and the other is a little lighter!
What did the sushi say to the bee? Wasabee!
Sure, I drink brake fluid. But I can stop anytime!
My girlfriend thought I'd never be able to make a car out of spaghetti… You should've seen her face when I drove pasta!
Coffee has a rough time in our house. It gets mugged every single morning!
What did the duck say when she purchased new lipstick? Put it on my bill!
I just found out that I'm color blind. The news came completely out of the green!
What do you call the wife of a hippie? A Mississippi!
Somebody stole all my lamps….and I couldn't be more de-lighted!
My wife refuses to go to a nude beach with me…I think she's just being clothes-minded!
Time flies like an arrow… Fruit flies like a banana!
I've started sleeping in our fireplace. Now I sleep like a log!
I have a few jokes about unemployed people… But none of them work.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay. He woke up.
I used to wonder why Frisbees looked bigger the closer they came… And then it hit me.
I bought some shoes on the drug black market…I don't know what they're laced with, but I've been tripping all day.
I saw an ad for burial plots, and I thought… "That's the last thing I need!"
I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? “Supplies!”
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk!
What happens when you witness a ship wreck? You let it sink in.
What does a clock do when it’s hungry? It goes back four seconds.
What do you call a belt made of watches? A waist of time!
Why did Adele cross the road? To say hello from the other side!
What did the teacher do with the student’s report on cheese? She grated it.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? “Aye, matey!”
How do you organize an astronomer’s party? You planet.
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella? Fo’ drizzle.
What kind of car does an egg drive? A Yolkswagen.
I want a job cleaning mirrors. It’s something I can really see myself doing.
What grades did the pirate get on his report card? Seven Cs.
What do you do when you see a spaceman? Park in it, man.
If you’re American when you come out of the bathroom, what are you when you’re in the bathroom? European.
Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the P is silent.
Why did Mozart hate chickens? Because when he asked them for their favorite composer, they said, “Bach! Bach! Bach!”
What did the drummer name her twin daughters? Anna One, Anna Two.
